Mention new `#[codec(crate = ...)]` attribute for MaxEncodedLen derive (#275)
paritytech/parity-scale-codec: CHANGELOG.md

### Added
- `MaxEncodedLen` trait for items that have a statically known maximum encoded size. ([#268](https://github.com/paritytech/parity-scale-codec/pull/268))

> - `#[codec(crate = <path>)]` top-level attribute to be used with the new `MaxEncodedLen`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `#[codec(crate = "<path>")]` top-level attribute to be used with the new `MaxEncodedLen`
```

Right now it expects a string literal instead of a path item. I'm going to be changing that shortly, but for now let's keep the changelog accurate.

Author: Makes sense, thanks

trait, which allows to specify a different path to the crate that contains the `MaxEncodedLen` trait.

> Useful when using renamed dependencies, e.g. importing `parity_scale_codec` as `codec` for brevity.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Useful when using generating a type through a macro and this type should implement `MaxEncodedLen` and the final crate doesn't have `parity-scale-codec` as dependency.
```

Reviewer 2: Renamed dependencies are already handled.
